Hello friends, my name is Abhay Verma
and welcome all of you to this video.  So
friends, ICIC LBR General Insurance Company has
announced dividend.
If you have shares of this company or
you want to buy shares for dividend
, then this video is for you.
Friends, in today's video we will know
how much dividend the company is going to give per share this time
and
when has the record date been decided this time.  So
friends, let us
start the video.  So friends, if we talk about
dividend, then this time the company is going to
give a dividend of ₹6.5 per share.  If
we talk about the record date, this time the
record date has been decided as 23
October 2025, that is, you should have shares
of this company in your demat account by 22 October 2025.
Then friends, you will get the
upcoming dividend.  If we talk about the
share price of this company, then friends, at this
time the share price of this company is around ₹2000.
If I talk about myself,
friends, I do not have even a single share of this company
nor will I
buy shares of this company for dividend.  So
friends, please tell us by commenting whether you have
shares of this company or not.
Friends, if you liked this information
then please do not forget to like the video and subscribe to the channel.
See you again
with more such information.
Thanks for now.